[Music]
Azul here with Camelback we're really
excited to tell you about our new bottle
collection the Eddy collection it's made
for active and on-the-go individuals who
need a bottle to suit their everyday
hydration needs my name is Katherine I
work for Camelback I do everything from
CrossFit to riding my bike to walking
downtown to shop and nutrition hydration
is just as important to me as my
exercise and staying fit when I leave
the house in the morning I don't leave
without my keys my wallet or my
Camelback so you know if I feel naked
without it I would say it's pretty
important to me and Eddie is applicable
to our customers out there because and
they're active and on-the-go lives they
need that moment to stop collect
themselves in hydrate well it's easy to
use it's convenient I can cruise around
and without thinking just grab it and
drink without having to fumble with a
lid or you know worry about sloshing
water everywhere it makes it so I don't
have to think about it it's important
for people to have products that they
know they can depend on because it helps
enable them to move away from disposable
plastic water bottles living in the Bay
Area and having access to local vendors
for everything from clothing to
vegetables fruit and olive oil it's it's
very important and has been a part of my
life since I was a child so the fact
that I can avoid using plastic water
bottles it definitely helps me to do my
part we also understand that you've got
a family that needs to hydrate so we've
got kids bottles large bottles small
bottles we've got insulated bottles
that's going to keep your water cold we
want you to have a product that you can
depend on stay hydrated through the day
it's important to me how to have a
selection and a variety when I'm
choosing my bottles
so I have everything from a bright pink
to a stainless steel to graphics and
everything in between so I'm not the
type that has the one bottle that I
carry around all the time with banged up
and stuff
I've got to have you know a bottle for
every day
[Music]